create documentation microsite (#56)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/src/02-the-smithy-idl/03-editor-support.md

---
sidebar_label: Editor support
title: Editor Support
---

> Disney Streaming develops and maintain a [Smithy language server](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy-language-server), that implements features such as jump-to-definition, auto-completion, validation diagnostics.

Author: ```suggestion
Disney Streaming develops and maintains a [Smithy language server](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy-language-server), that implements features such as jump-to-definition, auto-completion, validation diagnostics.
```

> We also provide a [vscode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=disneystreaming.smithy) that talks to the language server, and provides a smooth developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide a [VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=disneystreaming.smithy) that talks to the language server, and provides a smooth developer experience.
```
